DEV-618 Add account factory architecture overview (#2181)
gruntwork-io/docs: docs/2.0/docs/accountfactory/architecture/index.md

Once this infrastructure has been added to the repository Pipelines deploys it into the AWS account, and runs account baselines in the logs, security, and shared accounts to finish provisioning the new account.

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
   Account Factory Workflow ->> Infra Live Repository: Create account request file;
   Infra Live Repository ->> Pipelines: Trigger Account Requested;
   Pipelines ->> AWS Control Tower Module: Execute terragrunt to create account
   AWS Control Tower Module ->> Pipelines: Account Created
   Pipelines ->> Infra Live Repository: Add Account Infrastructure
   Infra Live Repository ->> Pipelines: Trigger Account Added
   Pipelines ->> Core Accounts: Execute terragrunt to baseline account
```

## IAM Roles

Each new account has a set of IAM policies that determine the scope of changes Pipelines can plan/apply within AWS. Pipelines will automatically assume the appropriate roles for each account when changes are detected. Read about the [roles in full here](/2.0/docs/pipelines/architecture/security-controls#roles-provisioned-by-devops-foundations).

## Delegated Repositories

> Delegated repositories provide additional control over your infrastructure by expanding on the above architecture. When vending delegated repositories new account security baselines are still tracked in your `infrastructure-live-root` repository, however other infrastructure is tracked in a new repository specific to this account(s). New IAM roles are added to your `infrastructure-live-access-control` repository that control the allowed infrastructure changes that can take place via Pipelines in the delegated repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delegated repositories provide additional control over your infrastructure by expanding on the above architecture. When vending delegated repositories new account security baselines are still tracked in your `infrastructure-live-root` repository, however other infrastructure is tracked in a new repository specific to this account(s). New IAM roles are added to your `infrastructure-live-access-control` repository that are inherited by pipelines when deploying infrastructure in the delegated repositories, allowing the central platform team to control what changes can be implemented via Pipelines in the delegated repository.
```
